Lit action updates (#327)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/sdk/serverless-signing/run-once.md

import FeedbackComponent from "@site/src/pages/feedback.md";

# Running a Lit Action on a single node

## Overview

Typically, when a Lit Action is called it is executed across every Lit node in parallel. With `runOnce`, you have the ability to perform specified operations on a single node, versus all of them at once.

The `runOnce` function takes another function as a parameter and a deterministic algorithm is used to select the Lit node that it will be executed on. The selected node will run the function and broadcast the result to all of the other Lit nodes.

> The following doc will provide an example of using the `runOnce` function to send a signed Ethereum transaction to chain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code example uses the `runOnce` function to send a signed Ethereum transaction to chain. 
```

:::

```js

> const code = 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const code = `
```

    // will be sent by all nodes, even though only a single node did the computation
    Lit.Actions.setResponse(res);
})()

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`;
```

In the event all responses are the same then the strategy will not be relevant.
:::

> For information on using the `signAndCombineEcdsa` function see [here](./combining-signatures.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on using the `signAndCombineEcdsa` function go [here](./combining-signatures.md).
```

> For information on using the `getRpcUrl` function see [here](./get-rpc-url.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on using the `getRpcUrl` function go [here](./get-rpc-url.md).
```
